Update bug report issue template (#125)
hashicorp/consul-api-gateway: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

<!--- 

> IMPORTANT: If you are having problems installing the Consul API Gateway, before filing an issue, make sure you have followed the documented installation procedure detailed at https://www.consul.io/docs/api-gateway/api-gateway-usage#installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you are having problems installing the Consul API Gateway, before filing an issue, please ensure you have followed each step of the documented installation procedure detailed at https://www.consul.io/docs/api-gateway/api-gateway-usage#installation.
```
